dual chair, evals, and financials not allowed (#270)
ComputerScienceHouse/Constitution: constitution.tex

	\item CSH may choose to waive the following subset of the qualifications for E-Board positions, as defined under \ref{Qualifications}, for all candidates:
	      \begin{enumerate}
		      \item Candidates must reside on floor during the term of office.

> 		      \item Social and R\&D are the only E-Board positions that allow for dual directorship.

Author: This would also prohibit Adhocs from running dual now that I'm realizing it

	      \end{enumerate}
	\item When a waiver is proposed, the Chair of the Vote shall state which E-Board position and qualification is being voted upon, and any nominated candidates not qualified under \ref{Qualifications} who would become qualified if the waiver passes.
	\item A Three-Quarters Immediate Vote with three-quarters quorum is then taken to determine whether the proposed waiver shall take effect.
	\item Each vote to waive a qualification must only apply to a single qualification for a single E-Board position.
	\item Waivers always apply to all candidates for the E-Board position.
	\item The waiver for dual directorship may never be applied to the positions of Chair, Evals, or Financials.
\end{enumerate}

\asubsection{Selection}

\asubsubsection{Dual Directors}

> Social and R\&D are the only E-Board positions that allow for dual directors. The positions of Chair, Evals, and Financials must never be held by dual directors.

Author: ```suggestion
Social and R\&D are the only E-Board positions that allow for dual directors. The positions of Chairperson, Evals Director, and Financial Director must never be held by dual directors.
```

Author: Or just change Financials to Financial, but that sounds weird

Author: These are suggestions. I don't grammar well so I might just be wrong. Socials is Social in every place except one (Pr to come in the next couple of hours) so I believe Financials should be consistent with that. IMPs is IMPs though

Reviewer: If you're adding Evals and Financials to this, I'd suggest changing the title of the PR to reflect.
(Unless I'm reading the diff wrong)

Reviewer 2: @DeadPixelPro you read the diff right, Evals and Financials cannot be dual according to RIT.

Reviewer 2: and for the grammar I am not sure how to phrase the directorship stuff either, more input would be great

Reviewer 2: changed the title

Author: @Qelxiros @ikopke23

Author: From Jeremy: This line is redundant because it's already prohibited from line 601

Reviewer 3: I didn't even see 601, remove the last change 601 is good
